
You shall count off seven weeks of years—seven times seven years—so that the period of seven weeks of years gives you a total of forty-nine years.
Then you shall sound the horn loud; in the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month—the Day of Atonement—you shall have the horn sounded throughout your land and you shall hallow the fiftieth year.
You shall proclaim release throughout the land for all its inhabitants.
It shall be a jubilee for you:
each of you shall return to his holding and each of you shall return to his family.



Let all your troops march around the city and complete one circuit of the city. Do this six days,
with seven priests carrying seven shofars preceding the Ark.
On the seventh day, march around the city seven times, with the priests blowing the shofars.
And when a long blast is sounded on the shofar—as soon as you hear that sound of the shofar—
all the people shall give a mighty shout.
Thereupon the city wall will collapse, and the people shall advance,
every man straight ahead.


The priest Zadok took the horn of oil from the Tent and anointed Solomon.
They sounded the shofar and all the people shouted
"Long live King Solomon!"


And in that day, a great shofar shall be sounded; and the strayed who are in the land of Assyria
and the expelled who are in the land of Egypt shall come and worship God on the holy mount,
in Jerusalem.


Blow the horn on the new moon, on the full moon for our feast day.


Praise God with blasts of the shofar; praise God with harp and lyre.


"wake up you sleepers from your slumber and the unconscious from your stupor and search your ways and return in repentance and remember your Creator!"



The Holy One, Blessed be He, said:
Sound a blast before Me with a
shofar made from a ram’s horn, so that I will remember for you the binding of Isaac, son of
Abraham, in whose stead a ram was sacrificed, and I will ascribe it to you as if you had bound
yourselves before Me.


Sound upon the great shofar for our freedom and raise the banner to gather our exiles and
gather us together from the four corners of the earth. Blessed are You, O Lord, Who gathers
together the dispersed of His people of Israel.


"God ascends in acclamation
, Adonai in the call of the shofar"
. When God sits and ascends to the Throne of Judgement, God ascends with judgement. What
happens? God ascends with acclimation
, and when Israel takes their shofars and
sounds them before God, God stands up from the Throne of Judgement and sits on the Throne
of Mercy, as it says, "Adonai in the call of the shofar," And they are filled with mercy and God
has mercy on them, and switches their treatment from the attribute of judgement to the
attribute of mercy. When? In the month Tishrei.

it is a day of sounding the shofar to you

through the window she looked forth and wailed, the mother of Sisera


On the New Moon of Elul the Holy One said to Moses: "Come up to me on the mountain"
and they sounded a shofar throughout the camp, for behold, Moses has
ascended the mountain, so that they do not go astray again after the worship of idols. The Holy
One was exalted that day with that shofar, as it is said, "God is exalted with a blast , the
Lord with the sound of a shofar (b’kol shofar)"



i am my beloved's and my beloved is mine

that now is the time when all of my thoughts
should be toward my Beloved, and when I do this, then my Beloved is also mine,
for God watches over me for my benefit


"If a shofar is blown in the city will the people not quake?"



On the third day, as morning dawned, there was thunder, and lightning, and a dense cloud
upon the mountain, and a very loud blast of the shofar; and all the people who were in the
camp trembled...
The blare of the horn grew louder and louder.
As Moses spoke, God answered him in thunder.

All the people witnessed the thunder and lightning, the blare of the horn and the mountain smoking; and when the people saw it, they fell back and stood at a distance.





"God manifested Himself with the shofar, God amidst the sound of the shofar"


With trumpets and sound of the shofar, raise joyful voices before God, the Sovereign One"

"Sound the shofar on the new moon and on the full moon for our festive day.
For it is a statue for Israel, a law of the God of Jacob"

Praise God, halleluyah.
Praise God in the sanctuary, Praise God in the mighty firmament
Praise God fo saving deeds,
Praise God for God's greatness.
Praise God with the blast of the shofar..."


All of you inhabitants of the world and dwellers on earth.
when a banner is lifted up on the mountain, see,
and when the shofar is sounded, hear


On that day a great shofar shall be sounded. And they shall come who were lost in the land of Assyria...

On the day of your gladness and on your festivals, and on new moons, you shall sound the shofar over your offerings.
And they shall be to you a memorial before you a memorial before your God. I am God.



